welcome to kill 2013 I'm not a real cop
I'm Jackie's rainmana cocaina muda we're
here to take over the con and you guys
are not invited Yeah right ladies sucks
he's gonna rule this con you don't even
stand a chance how do you guys even know
which one's the real sex we just know
you've met her and you don't even
realize it yet she's just that fantastic
they're all rude bitches you take that
back or I will destroy you transfer
student yeah seriously get out of here
now seriously yeah one day sorry guys I
don't even know how that happened hey my
name is duncan i'm here at ax 2014 we're
actually got a lot of great things to
check out from the cosplayers from like
all the shopping that they got going on
even a lot of great panels we're going
to walk around talk to the people come
on let's go check it out
Oh
hey guys we're here at enemy Expo 2014
what's your name my name is Christina
gate
is there any more information pass on
your souls on a cosmetologist and my
fourth year attending attitudes and why
do you come Namie expo because the
energy here is amazing I
and the fact that everyone kind of come
together and have some common ground of
love
and let me ask you why did you choose
your costume today we have a Killa Killa
possibly friend group called me sweetie
she's absolutely to be a part of her
trip she something like
gotcha well if you could pick one anime
that was your favorite which one is it
run one half no I don't have a favorite
it's just like my thing is each anime
it's amazing for a solid
it's really hard to see
but I'd have to see my part
because that was my first anime ever
favorite
and they
and killer kills greenness fall asleep
awesome all right you have a great time
it's great talking again
well I loved it so now I can't stop
awesome and now who are you cosplaying
right now
looks very good how long did it take you
to make it
all right and what's your favorite anime
paranoid awesome and you have anything
to say to your friends
hi